Hello, everyone.
I am Zhehong from Game Center
Engineering team.
Today, I'm really excited
to walk you through
how SharePlay has been
integrated with Game Center.
Game Center is Apple's
social gaming platform.
Players can add friends,
compete on leaderboards,
earn achievements,
and see everything in one place
with Player Activity.
Game Center also supports
great multiplayer experiences
for players,
including invitation,
matchmaking,
real-time gameplay,
and voice chat.
This year, we're excited
to bring SharePlay support
to Game Center.
Players can already
invite friends, contacts,
and nearby players
to play together.
SharePlay enables them
to share gaming experiences
right in the moment.
Now, if your players
are on a FaceTime call
or a Messages group,
they can immediately
jump into a game together.
Imagine your players
are in a Messages group
with some friends,
and they want to play a game.
They can simply start an
audio call from the group chat.
Their friends will receive the
invitation as a FaceTime call.
Then it's time
to launch your game.
Let's take NBA 2K23
Arcade Edition as an example.
We can click Play Now
in the title screen
and select Multiplayer.
Then tap
the Play With Friends button.
After that,
clicking Online NBA button
will bring you the game
Settings page.
Let's set it to four quarters
and two minutes
for each quarter.
Click on Next.
This brings up
the Game Center multiplayer UI,
where players will see the
brand-new mode selection screen
that includes
the SharePlay option.
Tapping
the Start SharePlay button
will activate a group activity.
Players can join
and play together
by simply tapping
the Open button on their end.
If you already use Game Center
to support multiplayer
in your game,
you will get
full SharePlay integration
with just one small update.
Now, I will show you how to
enable SharePlay for your game.
Currently, if you present the
GKMatchmakerViewController,
players will see the mode
selection screen by default.
If you want to adopt
SharePlay integration,
the first step is to add the
entitlement of Group Activities
to your game.
You can do that by going
to the project settings,
and in the
Signing & Capabilities tab,
just search for Group Activities
and select it.
With GroupActivities
capability enabled,
the mode selection screen
will show the SharePlay option.
If you are using
Game Center Multiplayer UI
provided by
GKMatchmakerViewController,
that is the only step
you have to do.
You are done!
On the other hand,
if you are building
your own multiplayer UI
using Game Center APIs,
you could choose to integrate
with SharePlay's APIs directly.
But since you're using
Game Center APIs,
we've also got you covered.
It's still really easy.
You already added
GroupActivities capability
in Xcode.
Now you want to call
some GameKit APIs.
You can call the API to start
a Group Activity on SharePlay.
Then, add the players
to the recipient list.
And finally,
call the API to start a match.
Let's jump into the code.
First, call GKMatchmaker
.shared.startGroupActivity
so that GameKit can notify
your game when a player
from the FaceTime call
wants to join a match.
Then, add the player
to the recipient list.
Finally, call
GKMatchmaker.shared.findMatch
to start a match.
With just these steps,
your game is now
supporting SharePlay.
As simple as that.
To wrap up, Game Center's
integration with SharePlay
makes it easier for players
to start games with friends.
If you're using
Game Center UI to build
a multiplayer experience,
you just need to add
a GroupActivities
capability in Xcode.
If you are building
your own custom UI,
use the new APIs
provided in GKMatchmaker.
If you're new to using
Game Center to build
multiplayer experiences,
I suggest you watch this video:
"Tap into Game Center:
Leaderboards, Achievements,
and Multiplayer" from WWDC 2020.
Thank you for watching.